docs: Document planning value type requirements (#337)
TimefoldAI/timefold-solver: docs/src/modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/configuration.adoc

==== Planning value

A planning value is a possible value for a genuine planning variable.

> Usually, a planning value is a problem fact, but it can also be any object, for example a ``Double``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Usually, a planning value is a problem fact, but it can also be any object, for example an ``Integer``.
```

It can even be another planning entity or even an interface implemented by both a planning entity and a problem fact.

[NOTE]
====

> Primitive types (such as ``double``) are not allowed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Primitive types (such as ``int``) are not allowed.
```
